Warning for incorrect useof 'pure' attribute (#78200)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Clang now diagnoses unexpanded packs within the template argument lists of function template specializations.
- Clang now diagnoses attempts to bind a bitfield to an NTTP of a reference type as erroneous
  converted constant expression and not as a reference to subobject.

> - Clang now diagnoses incorrect usage of 'const' and 'pure' attributes (``-Wincorrect-pure-usage``),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang now diagnoses incorrect usage of ``const`` and ``pure`` attributes (``-Wincorrect-pure-usage``),
```
